applications: nrf5340_audio: Updated QDID info (#21285)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf5340_audio/doc/feature_support.rst

   :start-after: software_maturity_application_nrf5340audio_table:
   :end-before: software_maturity_protocol

nRF5340 Audio DNs and QDIDs
***************************

> DNs (Design Numbers) and QDIDs (Qualified Design IDs) related to nRF5340 LE Audio applications are listed in `nRF5340 DK Bluetooth DNs and QDIDs Compatibility Matrix`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following DNs (Design Numbers) and QDIDs (Qualified Design IDs) are related to the nRF5340 Audio application:

nRF5340 DK Bluetooth DNs/QDIDs
   See `nRF5340 DK Bluetooth DNs and QDIDs Compatibility Matrix`_ for the DNs/QDIDs for nRF5340 LE Audio applications.
```

nRF5340 Audio QDIDs
*******************

> A full Audio product QDID requires several other DNs/QDIDs depending on the product configuration.
> Such as for the SoftDevice Controller subsystem, Host subsystem, LE Audio Profiles and Services, LC3 codec, ISO transport and the SoC itself to mention some.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A full Audio product QDID requires several other DNs/QDIDs depending on the product configuration, such as for the SoftDevice Controller subsystem, Host subsystem, LE Audio Profiles and Services, LC3 codec, ISO transport and the SoC itself to mention some.
```

<Link to https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/comp_matrix_nrf5340/page/COMP/nrf5340/nrf5340_ble_qdid_qual_matrix.html>

.. note::
   The Audio application(s) does not demonstrate the full capabilities of the underlying DNs/QDIDs.

>    Oppsitely, the application(s) may demostrate features not available in the underlying DNs/QDIDs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Oppositely, the application(s) may demonstrate features not available in the underlying DNs/QDIDs.
```

nRF5340 Audio QDIDs
*******************

The following DNs/QDIDs are related to the nRF5340 Audio application:

> nRF5340 DK Bluetooth DNs/QDIDs
>    A full Audio product QDID requires several DNs and QDIDs for the nRF5340 DK, as listed in the `nRF5340 DK Bluetooth DNs and QDIDs Compatibility Matrix`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nRF5340 Bluetooth DNs/QDIDs
   A full Audio product QDID requires several DNs and QDIDs for nRF5340, as listed in the `nRF5340 Bluetooth DNs and QDIDs Compatibility Matrix`_.
```

>    The exact DN/QDID numbers depend on the project configuration and the features used in the application.

Reviewer 3: I find this (lines 28 - 30) inconsistent with the "A full Audio product" above and a bit confusing.
I am not  sure what we are trying to say here.

   They might include DNs/QDIDs for the SoftDevice Controller subsystem, Host subsystem, or LE Audio Profiles and Services.

>    These in turn can depend on ISO transport and the SoC version.

Reviewer 3: 1) How does this depend upon the SoC version? After talking to Miles, I believe this is not the case.
("That would create an unholy mess. He should be headslapped for even saying those words.") :-)

2) (There does not seem to be such a thing as SoC versions anyway - it is "SoC revisions and variants" - https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/comp_matrix_nrf5340/page/COMP/nrf5340/nrf5340_ic_revision_overview.html )

   .. note::
      - The DNs/QDIDs listed in the Compatibility Matrix may not cover all use cases or combinations.

>       - The Audio applications do not demonstrate the full capabilities of the underlying DNs/QDIDs.

Reviewer 3: Is this all that is intended to say about this? Or does the document described in the second point in OCT-3339 come in addition?
